British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 1: Mastery of Style, Register and Precision.
Lesson 6: Mastery of Style, Register and Precision: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a writing task about critical synthesis.
Today you will practise language connected to critical synthesis.
Target language: idiomatic compression.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for mastery of style, register and precision. You will learn useful language connected to critical synthesis and practise idiomatic compression. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.